Where's my monster seat?
Old lady, you are back.
Hahaha
Call my good granddaughter-in-law down and tell him
Grandma is back home
Master Shen and his wife are still resting upstairs
Haven't woken up yet
I haven't woken up yet.
Then stop calling
I haven't woken up yet
Then I'll be able to have a grandson soon, haha.
grandma
Ye Zhen, why are you here?
I came here today to tell you something.
What's the matter ah jin
He doesn't know why.
Uncle Shen was suddenly taken away
What? Ah Jin caught him?
Yeah that Sucho
He is a Heavenly Fiend Lone Star who died for his family
A lot has happened in the Shen family recently
I suspect Sucho did it
outrageous
Someone call Ah Jin down for me
Who let him in?
I'll see who dares to move
Did your uncle let your men take him away?
He told you.
Hurry up and let your uncle go to me right away
Grandma Shen Changzong, shut up
Do you have a say here?
What do you mean?